# Week 5 (15.2. - 21.2.) tasks


=======
### Paavo:

Went through bughunt issues and fixed some backend related ones, went through user stories, added SAST to pipeline, updated backend to be more robust and updated it for more requirements.

### Otso:

Did the testing on the backedn using supertest. Tests mostly done via item_api and user_api which way tha backend will be tested widely. Added language selections function to frontend. 


### Henna:
Up until the last minute added features to frontend. Fixed bugs based on reports or discussions. Together with the team prepared for the final event.

### Pierre:
Did the french translations, implemented the content-security-policy along with other security features for backend. Implemented a maximum number of attempt to login on an account. Worked on the repport.



## Bughunt:

Some bugs were related to page refresh/going back. This was fixed by sending the index.html file generated by building the React frontend to all the pages. Other issues included no proper error alerts on invalid operations. These were fixed by adding error alerts to necessary places. Issues also included not showing the user if they were logged in. This was fixed to change different layout when logged in. Sign up not working was also reported, but that was due to not indicating user if it had succeeded, there now a system in place so the user knows if it succeeded or not. Operator sign up was removed. Operations that shouldn't be allowed when signed out have now been changed so the user is pushed to sign in. Viewing terms and conditions is now a modal window that doesn't affect sign up form. Terms and conditions box is not checked by default.
>>>>>>> 99ffd138f3e15f72bcc9c355e3cb12b0a95890cc
